Update README.md's input standard part (#7)
vlang/adventofcode: README.md

If you have a solution that is more complex than a single `.v` file, make a subdir with
your GitHub ID under the appropriate year/day subdir, and place all files there.

## Input file format

> 1, Input file should ends with file extension `.input`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1, Input file should end with file extension `.input`
```

> 2, Input file should be directly copy-paste from AoC's example input with the following 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2, Input file should be directly copied/pasted from AoC's example input with the following 
```

standard:
- - No whitespace trimming (see note 1)
- - No additional empty line

> - - No personal-specific input allowed to be example input file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- - No personal-specific input allowed in example input file
```

3, If there are multiple example inputs for different parts in a day, suffix different 

> input file with `-partX` where X is part number, then follows other citerions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
input file with `-partX` where X is part number, then follow other citeria
```

> 4, Input file's name should relates to corresponding AoC problem, for example: AoC 2022

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4, Input file's name should relate to the corresponding AoC problem, for example: AoC 2022
```

> Day 7 relates to unix system's file system cmd operations, therefore, you could probably

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Day 7 relates to unix system's file system cmd operations, therefore, you should
```

> name it with`filesystem.input` or `cmd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name it with`filesystem.input` or `cmd.input`
```

> Note: when you add .input files, please turn off the auto trimming

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note 1: when you add .input files, please turn off the auto trimming
```
Since it is referred to earlier as "Note 1", it should be named the same here.
